---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

Week 8 was mostly spent on making my presentation for the STEM CAREER Exploration and Symposium: Illinois Summer Research Program Alliance on July 26, 2023. 
I learned how difficult it can be to accurately depict your entire research project on a PowerPoint presentation to an audience not from the same background. 
My mentors and I spent a lot of time going back and forth on the slide layouts and content. We particularly spent more than 4 hours constantly changing the content of one
slide that depicted what a custom dataset should look like. I got a little behind on writing my paper for the DREU Milestone 4 and I need to have a first draft ready by the next
week so that we can improve it. I have realized any kind of document goes through multiple changes before it is submitted and I need enough time for those changes to occur so that
I can submit the paper on time. I will be giving another presentation at the iSchool Colloquium on Aug 2, 2023, but I am not too worried about that. Furthermore, I have to update
my pipeline and test 300 papers on it and write an analysis report on that which will be included in the paper I write. I have realized that there are many reasons for a full text
to not be available even if we have all the information needed. I need to give a report on these problems to my mentor and include them in my paper as well. These are tasks
that I need to focus on next week. During the weekend, I spent time improving the presentation and I went to watch Oppenheimer in IMAX with my housemates. The movie was amazing. I 
hope I can go see Barbie before leaving as well. 
